unite_all_macedonia_title;Unite Macedonia;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
unite_all_macedonia_desc;Many Macedonian nationalists have a dream of unifying the region into a single political entity, which they believe was unjustly divided by the Treaty of Bucharest in 1913. This territory would ideally encompass present-day Macedonia, Aegean Macedonia (northern Greece) and a part of Bulgaria, called Blagoevgrad. For a while, Tito had planned to incorporate these territories into Yugoslavia. With time, it is now possible for us to reunite the people of Macedonia.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001512_DESC;The victory of the communists against the monarchist and reactionary forces was achieved thanks to the participation of all the supporters, especially the Macedonians and Bulgarians, who joined the great Democratic Army of Greece and fought for the cause of socialism. However, for many Macedonians, it was mainly a struggle for the independence of their country. Today, as agreed during the civil war, a meeting will take place between the Greek communist leaders and the Macedonian nationalist leftist leaders to determine the future of the region. It is likely, given the good understanding between the Macedonians and the Greek leader, Nikos Zachariadis, that this will result in an agreement, but also, although unlikely, in the independence of the country.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001513_DESC;With our victory of the communist forces in Greece and the establishment of a Marxist-Leninist government, we will have to establish the foundations of our economy and repair the damage done by the World War II and the Civil War. For this purpose, Soviet economists came to promote the Stalinist economic model, that is to say a planned and very centralized economy but also oriented towards heavy industry. Moreover, this also meant a collectivization of the land, forced or not. We can, and this is highly recommended, follow the proposed model to the letter or, alternatively, be inspired by it and decide to create a new, more "adaptable" model.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001514_DESC;The establishment of the Soviet model was not done smoothly. Indeed, although the reconstruction of the country is going glabely well and we find a certain level of comfort, the collectivization of land is not going as well as we hoped. Many peasants, especially those who owned large lands or even a piece of land, refused to join the other peasants or even to give up what should be to the people. While the government has tried to be diplomatic so far, the situation is becoming problematic, both nationally, where shortages are starting to appear, and internationally, where the countries of Western Europe are watching the situation and, above all, angering the Soviet Union and demanding that we solve this problem very quickly.\nEither we force this collectivization but provoke a general discontent, or we force the collectivization but give some guarantees and some time, or the collectivization is slowed down, at the expense of the will of the USSR, and we give more economic freedom.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001515_DESC;To the great displeasure of the Soviet Union, it was finally decided to adopt the Soviet economic model but to propose a new version. After consultation with the members of the Politubro, three proposals emerged: the first was to decentralize management in order to better respond to the needs of the population while giving importance to local governors. The second was to give more importance to the self-management of companies, which would allow the population to really control the means of production. And the last one, to keep the planned economy wanted by the Soviets, but to focus on the light industries, allowing to answer the needs of the population, but we would then fall behind in the development of a "developed socialism" economy.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001516_DESC;After Stalin's death, the new leader of the Soviet Union, Nikita Khrushchev, took power after a power struggle between Beria and the conservatives. But it was during the XX Congress of the CPSU, in which sister parties such as ours, was invited to hear a "secret report" in which Stalin's actions, his personality cult, his personality and the system that had set it up during his reign were strongly criticized and questioned. It is a real earthquake in the socialist name and Khrushchev already calls the communist parties of the Eastern Bloc and elsewhere to follow this line and to proceed to a De-Stalinization. Should we follow the directives of the Soviet Union and start a De-Stalinization of our party or, on the contrary, condemn these revisionist declarations and take another way?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001517_DESC;Nikos Zachariadis and the Communist Party of Greece have published a joint reply severely condemning the accusations of Nikita Khrushchev and denouncing a dangerous revisionist drift. Although the Soviet Union also condemns us in return, we will have to decide what to do from now on. Of course, logic would dictate that we consider ourselves anti-revisionists and pursue those who agree with us. However, a small minority would like us to re-establish links with Yugoslavia, but this might seem contradictory to what we have just done...;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001518_DESC;With the death of Joseph Stalin and the implementation of De-Stalinization, the Communist Party of Greece has been under pressure for some time from the reformists, probably supported by the Soviets. In order to find a compromise, the Central Committee met today. However, this meeting quickly turns into a coup d'etat organized by the reformists, headed by Kostas Koligiannis. The fall of Nikos Zachariadis seems to be inevitable.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001519_DESC;With the seizure of power Kostas Koligiannis and the reformists in Greece, a series of economic reforms were announced some time after the fall of Zachariadis. The aim of these reforms is to decentralize the country's economy by giving more importance to local governments, theoretically, more control given to the population and thus meet the needs of the population.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001520_DESC;With the establishment of a cultural detente in the Soviet Union, Koligiannis decided to implement a similar policy in Greece, allowing artists and the population to express their opinions a little more. Of course, our secret services make sure that these opinions are not anti-communist or against our regime. Normally, everything should go well.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001521_DESC;Although the reformists took power, many Stalinists remained in power or held important positions, both in the party and in the country. Thus, in the face of the policy of de-Stalinization, a purge against its elements will be initiated in the coming months. It will be necessary to decide on the intensity of this purge.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001522_DESC;Despite our divisions caused by the Tito-Stalin rupture, our relations remained cold.However, for some time, and with the impetus of the Soviet Union, it is now possible for us to get closer to Yugoslavia. We can be satisfied with reopening our diplomatic channels, of course, but others propose how to begin to make commercial exchanges with them.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001523_DESC;Since the fall of Zachariadis and the rise to power of Koligiannis, relations between the Greek government and the Macedonians have deteriorated more and more gradually, whether on the question of language, economic management, both regional and national, or even ideological. However, during the last party congress, there was a violent debate and exchange between what is now called the Greek faction and the Macedonian faction (as composed of Macedonians as of Greeks, of various other factions), initially on the importance or not of the Greek language, which finally led to the denunciation, by the Macedonian faction, of the "anti-socialist and anti-democratic" positions and not respecting the agreement concluded during, and then confirmed, after the Civil War. Today, the leader of the Macedonian faction, Mikhail Keramitchiev, is demanding more guarantees for his people or he will not hesitate to call on his people to rise up against us.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001524_DESC;Within the reformist faction of the Communist Party of Greece, and at about the same time in other communist parties in Western Europe, more and more people are asking for more political, economic and social reforms, the so-called Eurocommunists. In Greece, with the reforms implemented by Koligiannis, the Eurocommunists ask to go further by granting more political and economic freedom like allowing the existence of small enterprises and do not hesitate to ask for the resignation of Kostas Koligiannis. Technically, the Eurocommunists are an important faction within the reformists and could well come to power... unless they join forces with the conservatives.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001525_DESC;Since Kostas Koligiannis came to power, he has implemented reforms in Greece similar to those that took place at the same time in the Soviet Union, so much so that he was nicknamed the Greek Khrushchev. Although many personalities more or less close to Stalinism were eliminated, the conservatives continued to play an important role in the party. Today, faced with the unpopularity of Koligiannis and the economic failures that his reforms have implemented, the conservatives have come together to dismiss Koligiannis, in his absence, of course. However, Koligiannis has been informed and he may try to maintain his position by appealing to the Soviet Union to send him reinforcements, otherwise... it is the end for the reformists.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001526_DESC;We have just received a message from Greece, Kostas Koligiannis, current leader, is undergoing a Coup and may well lose and therefore asks to send help. Do we still want to keep the person that Nikita Khrushchev put in place or do we leave him and his problems?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001527_DESC;Today, Kostas Koligiannis, died. Having always represented the Khrushchevism in Greece, he did not stay in place for long thanks to the will of the Soviet Union and started mixed reforms. The reformists took power but had to decide on the diplomatic issue that had remained suspended by Koligiannis.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001528_DESC;At a Special Committee, the party, consisting of a majority of conservatives, met and were able to remove Kostas Koligiannis. He will be called the next day to be summoned and explained that his role as a leader stops now, but he will be able to remain a member of the party, but under supervision. Koligiannis, understanding the situation, accepts his fate and leaves without making a fuss. Now that the conservatives are back in power, a new person will have to be chosen for the role of General Secretary. The first one will be Charilaos Florakis, known for having supported Nikos Zachariadis at the time of Koligiannis' takeover but also known for his anti-revisionist positions. The second is Alexandros Rosios, known as a person who allowed the resumption of the Civil War after the Second World War. Although he supported the takeover of Kostas Koligiannis against Zachariadis, he is much more moderate and is more of a pro-Soviet.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001529_DESC;With the fall of Kostas Koligiannis, this has caused a freeze between the relations between our two countries because the Soviet Union fears that this takeover by the conservatives is not to its advantage. We have a choice between trying to rebuild trust between us and the Soviet Union, or to separate ourselves from them as revisionists.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001530_DESC;With time, we managed to show good faith with the Soviet Union and our relations became as warm as ever.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001531_DESC;Despite our attempts to reconcile our two countries, we have not been able to find an amicable solution. This is a failure!;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001532_DESC;One of the reasons for the fall of Koligiannis was the implementation of more liberal economic reforms, which allowed the establishment of Alexandros Rosios. Thus, we will have to decide on our economic model. We can, of course, maintain the semi-reformed system of Koligiannis, or even go further in economic reforms such as the recognition of small businesses, or, to get closer to the Soviet Union, establish a planned economy focused on heavy industry.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001533_DESC;Even the party applies the principle of democratic centralism, there have always been internal factions. And to maintain a certain unity of action, purges were also necessary. This is still the case today, as the new General Secretary of the party, Alexandros Rosios, representing the moderates, will have to decide how to handle this internal issue. In order to maintain a new unity in the party, we have several possibilities. The first is to ally with the conservatives in order to fight the reformists, as in the case of the fall of Koligiannis, or to ally with the reformists to counter the conservatives. Or we can recruit new members so that there are more moderates.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001534_DESC;Under Kostas Koligiannis, the beginning of a cultural thaw had begun. This allowed many intellectuals to express their opinions more or less openly, even if they were under close surveillance. But this allowed a beginning of opposition to be created and could well cause us problems later on. Do we have to go back to the past and prosecute all opponents without distinction, only those who have opposed our party? Or do we maintain this policy?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001535_DESC;Kostas Koligiannis had started to make a rapprochement with Yugoslavia, with the blessing of the USSR. Now that the conservatives are back in power, some would like to cut the ties with them, as they consider this a kind of betrayal. However, many members would like, at least, this rapprochement or even to strengthen it by concluding a real commercial exchange.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001536_DESC;One of the reasons for the fall of Koligiannis being the implementation of more liberal economic reforms, which allowed the establishment of Charilaos Florakis. There is no doubt that a planned economy will be re-established in the country, however, some members have made the suggestion to return to an economic model as in the time of Stalin.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001537_DESC;During the fall of Zachariadis, Charilaos Florakis was among those who voted against the ouster of Zachariadis and has always defended anti-revisionist positions. Now that he is back in power, we have the possibility of bringing back Stalinists to key positions in the party and in our administration, even if this may not please the Soviet Union.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001538_DESC;With the Stalinists back in power in Greece, the question of whether we should rehabilitate the personality of Joseph Stalin. In addition to not pleasing the West, this will not please the Soviet Union at all, who will see this as conservatism.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001539_DESC;Our country is in the midst of an unprecedented political and economic crisis, and in the midst of this chaos, the Reformists are pushing the current government to step down so that they can carry out the reforms they deem necessary to try to save the country. Of course, the hardliners are strongly opposed to this and they too risk taking power if we ally with them to silence them.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001540_DESC;While the socialist camp is undergoing a probable collapse, the Macedonian people, no longer able to bear the management of their homeland by the Greeks, have just made their declaration of independence. This is a big blow for us and we don't have many options: Either we recognize the independence of South Macedonia, or we send troops to try to regain control in the region.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001541_DESC;With the taking of power by the reformists, reforms began to be taken such as the privatization of enterprises and the recognition of a number of freedoms. However, today, the reformists would like to abandon the principles of Marxism-Leninism such as Democratic Centralism. Should we accept this concession to try to survive?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001542_DESC;With the revisionist drift of these Soviet traitors, Stalin's personality was denounced and we were among the few to have maintained our loyalty to the former leader of the Soviet Union. While it is certain that admiration for Stalin will continue, not everyone in the party agrees on what should be done with his legacy and how to maintain it. Should we maintain his cult in our moderate party or should we decide, in a special meeting, what were Stalin's mistakes or not?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001543_DESC;Although we have maintained the Stalinist economic model, more and more serious problems are appearing. Because of our concentration on heavy industries, we are no longer able to satisfy the needs of the population, especially since the people are beginning to show discontent due to constant political pressure and a permanent demand at work where managers and workers are pushed to the limit. Faced with this, a black market begins to develop without the party being able to control it. Faced with this, a faction of the party has issued a proposal to recognize these markets and allow the creation of small businesses.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001544_DESC;Despite our distance from the Soviet Union, the ideas of automation of the economy have spread among the socialist countries. Scientists have been working on the issue of automation and have presented their project to the party and it seems to be quite successful. Discussions are currently taking place to know if we should give credits to this project which would allow, according to them, to "maintain the socialist economic model" while correcting the errors or even "compensating them". What should we do?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001545_DESC;Although it had opposed, like us, against the revisionist drift of the Soviet Union, Albania had become an ally of China. However, times have changed and Albania has also cut its ties with China, accusing it in turn of revisionism. Therefore, there is an opportunity to get closer to Albania and show some solidarity between truly socialist states.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001547_DESC;Today, Nikos Zachariadis, General Secretary of KKE, died. Although his reign was known to be very difficult, he managed to maintain his authority in the party and to preserve socialism in the country. In addition to that, Zachariadis managed to implement the project of automation of the Greek economy, allowing the country to keep its economic model and even strengthen it.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001548_DESC;Today, Nikos Zachariadis, General Secretary of KKE, died. Although his reign was known to be very difficult, he managed to maintain his authority in the party and to preserve socialism in the country. However, a certain form of stagnation has started to appear in the Greek society and a certain discontent is also starting to grow in the population.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001549_DESC;Today, Nikos Zachariadis, General Secretary of KKE, died. Although his reign was known to be very difficult, he managed to maintain his authority in the party but had to make some concessions. Among his concessions were the recognition of a market and the permission for the population to create their own small business, which allowed the reformists to gain power within the party. Should we let them have power, or even give way to a more radical person, or should we simply keep our position?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001550_DESC;Recently, China has denounced the Soviet Union for its policy of coexistence, de-Stalinization and other reasons. As we have also denounced it before, it is possible for us to join China and adopt their ideology.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001551_DESC;With our alignment with China, we have thus accepted the Maoist ideology. In order to prove our loyalty and spread Mao's teachings to all strata of society, both through our administration and education. This also includes the purging of traitors who refuse to cooperate with our movement.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001552_DESC;In spite of our efforts, more and more voices within the party are calling for less political zeal and even the population is starting to complain about the way the party is managed and the bad results that are being achieved. We have to act quickly, either we take inspiration from what the Great Helmsman is doing by starting a cultural revolution and purge these traitors or we declare martial law in the hope of calming the situation.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001554_DESC;Now that the Cultural Revolution is beginning in Greece, a purge against the bourgeois elements of our government but also of our society in order to restore capitalism. But for this, we need an army of people who will fight for this ideal. A large part of our youth have started, in front of Zachariadis' wild speech, to create an army loyal to him, calling themselves the "Red Guards". Although fanatical, they could be an effective weapon... maybe too effective.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001555_DESC;Although we have a government that pronounces Atheism, the Cultural Revolution began to promote rather the struggle against religions, and more generally the beliefs, that distract the people from the real struggles. Faced with this, the Red Guards decided to go to one of the places of worship in Greece and destroy this past and thus fight against beliefs.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001556_DESC;Although we have a government that pronounces Atheism, the Cultural Revolution began to promote rather the struggle against religions, and more generally the beliefs, that distract the people from the real struggles. Faced with this, the Red Guards decided to go to one of the places of worship in Greece and destroy this past and thus fight against beliefs.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001557_DESC;The Paleochristian and Byzantine Monuments of Thessaloniki were one of the most important cities of the Byzantine Empire during the Middle Ages and one of the oldest monuments dates back to the 4th or 5th century. Today, the Red Guards have been ransacked because it represented the symbol of Christianity that must be destroyed.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001558_DESC;Olympia was a religious center in which the two Greeks were venerated at one time and which hosted the Olympic Games during antiquity. The Red Guards decided to destroy this historical center because it had become, for them, the sports center of the capitalists of the whole world.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001559_DESC;The Acropolis of Athens was a citadel contains the remains of several ancient buildings of great architectural and historical importance, having with time, THE symbol of ancient Greece, especially in the West. It is for all these reasons that the Red Guards decided to destroy this place in order to erase this part of the past.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001560_DESC;During this period of Cultural Revolution, it is the ideal opportunity to make a great purge in our party and in the society that are against our ideal of revolution. We can focus on the reformists, who basically want to return to capitalism. Or we can focus on the revisionist elements. Or we can simply try to achieve some form of purity ideal by propagating Maoist thought.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001561_DESC;Today, Nikos Zachariadis, General Secretary of KKE, died. Although his reign was known to be very difficult, he managed to maintain his authority in the party even if this required a Cultural Revolution, which is still going on, and which tires many people. His death will probably mean further change.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001562_DESC;Today, Nikos Zachariadis, General Secretary of KKE, died. Although his reign was known to be very difficult, he managed to maintain his authority in the party with great difficulty, especially with his adherence to Maoism. His death will probably mean further change.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001563_DESC;After Zachariadis' death, even though the Cultural Revolution was no longer as violent, it continued. The reformists and the people feel that it is time to "relax". Thus, it is expected by many to stop this policy and hope to move on. What should we do?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001564_DESC;With the adherence of the former leader to Maoism and his willingness to imitate, almost too zealously at times, its economic model, a large part of the party and the population wish to have change in the country. The Marxist-Leninist supporters would like to return to the old Soviet model by re-establishing the Planning Committee, but this would require money to be able to put this system back in place. Others, more reformist, still believe in the need for major economic reforms. And, of course, the Maoist would like to keep the existing system, with only minor reforms.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001565_DESC;After many oppositions and difficulties, the government has just proclaimed that the Cultural Revolution has achieved its revolutionary objectives and has transformed our country into a true bastion of Maoism and Revolution.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001566_DESC;For some years now, the country has been in a situation of economic stagnation and the population is beginning to demonstrate and these demonstrations are growing in size and demand radical changes and, above all, democracy. Faced with this pressure, many party members are ready to accept their demands. What to do?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001567_DESC;Despite the repression, the demonstrations turned into a revolt, and now we are even talking about a revolution. An angry crowd is heading for the government buildings, which will not be able to hold out for long. It seems that this is the end of our regime. We can always try to negotiate but it seems complicated... or risk resisting and fighting the rebels...;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001568_DESC;With the government's announcements, the population started to organize in the capital, at first with leaflets, and now with demonstrations in the big cities gathering more and more people. The population is demanding more freedom and the reformists have taken advantage of this to demand reforms quickly before it is too late. It has become impossible to ignore this unrest and the party will have to do something. Either, as the conservatives suggest, we can send our agents to try to calm the situation even if it may backfire, or we can hold a meeting of the restrancri party on TV and radio to talk about this issue and hope that this will calm the people and the reformists.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001569_DESC;Faced with our reaction to the movement, the demonstrations are starting to turn into riots and it is becoming really urgent to do something before it is really too late for the government. Of course, the conservatives still demand that the movement be urgently suppressed violently, either by the army or by our agents, but the reformists, on their side, want to take advantage of this opportunity to implement the radical reforms that some people have been demanding for a while.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001570_DESC;Faced with our contradictory actions, the people hate us and demand the resignation of the government and the risk of revolt has become great. In this semi-chao, the party summoned the current leader for a "special" meeting, where the party members made it clear that the party blames him for the current situation and that from now on, the reformists take power and lead the country. The population seems to approve of this coup and you no longer have a say in it.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001571_DESC;The victory of the communists against the monarchist and reactionary forces was achieved thanks to the participation of all the supporters, especially the Macedonians and Bulgarians, who joined the great Democratic Army of Greece and fought for the cause of socialism. However, for many Macedonians, it was mainly a struggle for the independence of their country. However, with the victory of the Titoists over the Marxist-Leninists, an agreement between the Greek government and the Macedonian nationalist leftist leaders seemed more complicated to reach because the Macedonian leaders were closer to the Marxist-Leninists. The future of the region will be decided in the coming days.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001572_DESC;It was finally decided that the Greek government and the Macedonian regional government would meet to agree on the future of the region. For the Macedonian leaders, their demands include greater economic and political autonomy, recognition of their language and equal treatment with the other peoples of the country. It is clear that, in view of their political influence, we cannot refuse this demand too much, do we accept this or do we only recognize their language?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001573_DESC;In addition to the victory of the communists over the monarchists and reactionary forces, it was above all the Titoist forces that won the internal struggle within the party against the Marxist-Leninists. In the meantime, the country has become a social democracy in which the left-wing parties still have a great influence. Among them, the Titoists gained a lot of influence through the civil war and their alignment with Yugoslavia. However, the head of state, although symbolic because he only represents the Greek state internationally and plays a diplomatic role, is still a very influential position and two Titoist personalities are running for this position. Markos Vafeiadis, very popular with the military and veteran of the Civil War, pleaded for a strengthening of the state, a stronger alignment with Yugoslavia and did not hesitate to say that the right-wing parties had no place in the new government. And Andreas Tzimas, best known for being one of the leaders of the ELAS triumvirate during the occupation. He will regain influence with the victory of the Titoists during the Civil War and pleads for the maintenance of democracy while supporting the idea that the left-wing parties should maintain an important role in society.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001574_DESC;After the victory of the communists during the Civil War, the population took control of the factories and began to organize themselves, in most cases, in self-management. However, not everyone in society or in the government agrees with this situation and would like to structure all this by establishing an economic model in the country. For Markos Vafeiadis, and a part of the left, it would be necessary to apply the model of Tito, arguing that self-management is already implemented by the Greek workers. While other members of the government would like to structure all this by adopting a more mixed economy, bringing back the private property in the country. What should we choose?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001575_DESC;With the strengthening of Titoist positions, the verbal confrontations between Markos Vafeiadis and Andreas Tzimas became recurrent, to the point where the point of no return was approached. Although agreements between the two people were planned to settle this situation, it seems that Vafeiadis decided to get ahead of Tzimas by organizing a coup d'état with the help of Yugoslavia. Markos Vafeiadis explains that his actions in front of the parliament with the pretext that Andreas Tzimas, by refusing to exclude the "movements traitors to the proletarian revolution" and by promoting less "socialist" choices, was taking the risk that the country would become capitalist again or even bring back the monarchy in Greece. All over the world, this action shocked and provoked emotion in the reformists' circles, Tzimas will succeed in narrowly escaping to Italy.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001576_DESC;A personality cult began to build in Yugoslavia around Tito. If some people were opposed, it was not yet considered abusive. However, with Tito becoming President of Yugoslavia and a strengthening of his cult, more and more people began to criticize this understanding, comparing it squarely to that of Stalin. We will have to take a stand on this subject. Whether it is one way or the other, it may not please everyone...;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001577_DESC;With the beginning of the Tito cult in Greece, many party members did not like it and started to organize and criticize our policy. The opposition is mainly structured around two movements: the first one, the reformist Dimitris Partsalidis, criticizing our cult but also our style of government and the direction to take. He promises more liberal reforms, both economic and political. The second one is about a minority that wants to bring Andreas Tzimas back to power, and thus democracy. If we don't do anything to eliminate these oppressors, we risk being overthrown by more and more forces.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001578_DESC;With our criticism of the cult around Tito, this has given the opposition the opportunity to criticize our government and would like to change this. The opposition is mainly structured around two movements: the first one, the reformist Dimitris Partsalidis, criticizing our cult but also our style of government and the direction to take. He promises more liberal reforms, both economic and political. The second is structured around two strong and openly communist personalities, Alexandros Rosios, a pro-Soviet communist, and Mikhail Keramitchiev, who has become, over time, the leader of the communist Macedonians. If nothing is done to eliminate these oppressors, there is a risk of being overthrown by more and more forces.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001579_DESC;Today, Markos Vafeiadis was summoned to a session of parliament. When he arrived, Vafeiadis found himself alone in front of the reformists, headed by Dimitris Partsalidis. Many criticisms are formulated against him, whether it is his past actions, his political and economic choices. In the end, although Markos Vafeiadis defends himself, he understands that the party, dominated by the reformists, overthrows him to put in place a new personality at its head.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001580_DESC;Today, Markos Vafeiadis was summoned to a session of parliament. On arriving, Vafeiadis found himself alone in front of the communists, headed by two people, Alexandros Rosios, a moderate but pro-Soviet communist and Mikhail Keramitchiev, a Macedonian nationalist communist. The latter began to reproach him for having a too pro-Tito policy and for endangering the integrity of the Greek in the profile of Yugoslavia but also his political and economic choices. In the end, although Markos Vafeiadis defends himself, he understands that the party, dominated by the communists, overthrows him to put in place a new personality at its head.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001581_DESC;After several months of repair, a small part of the party managed to agree with a part of the army and organized a coup against Markos Vafeiadis and his supporters. After a long fight in the capital (and even in some provinces of the country). Markos Vafeiadis was defeated by the putchists, calling themselves the Republicans. The new government has already planned to restore the old constitution, a general amnesty has been announced and Vafeiadis will soon be tried. Moreover, Andreas Tzimas will soon be back in the country, it remains to be seen if he wants to take over the leadership of the country.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001582_DESC;Our relations between our country and Yugoslavia are currently at a low ebb and, worse than that, have deteriorated. However, the situation has worsened because the soldiers of our two countries have violently fought at the border and escalated into a border accident. Our respective armies are on high alert. The military has prepared everything and is waiting for our confirmation to launch an attack against them. However, the diplomats are desperately trying to prevent a war and propose that a détente be organized and perhaps, with time, improve our relations.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001583_DESC;Our relations between our country and Yugoslavia are currently at a low ebb and, worse than that, have deteriorated. However, the situation has worsened because Yugoslavia, in retaliation, has ordered the explosion of our ambassadors in the Yugoslav capital. Many people, both in our government and in the party, demanded that their ambassador be expelled. However, the diplomats are desperately trying to prevent a war and propose that a détente be organized and perhaps, if possible, with time, improve our relations.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001584_DESC;Our relations between our country and Yugoslavia are currently good enough to start signing commercial agreements between our two nations. Our diplomats have announced the signing of a new agreement that could be beneficial to us. Only time will tell...;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001585_DESC;Our relations between our country and Yugoslavia have deteriorated a little too much, at least enough for our old treaties to be cancelled by Yugoslavia. Even if the situation is bad, it is far from being horrible and we can still improve.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001586_DESC;Our relations between our country and Yugoslavia have improved enough for Yugoslavia to inform us that a military access is possible between our two nations. This could be the beginning of a new cooperation.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001587_DESC;Our relations between our country and Yugoslavia have improved enough for our two nations, to the point that a military alliance has been signed between our two nations. Moreover, it is planned that a military cooperation will be developed.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001588_DESC;After the Civil War, the Greek government and the Macedonians signed the Macedonian Accords, allowing a certain recognition of the Macedonian language as well as a certain autonomy in the region. Already the Greek government was too pro-Tito that the Macedonians, the taking of power by Markos Vafeiadis will accentuate the tensions between the two peoples. With time, the Greek language began to regain importance in the Macedonian region and the local government became more and more pro-Greek, which increased the tensions./n/nFinally, the explosion of tensions will explode the day when a teacher of Greek origin will "recommend" to his students to abandon the use of the Macedonian language, which will provoke the anger of the parents and, finally, the whole region will go on general strike. We have to act quickly to avoid a revolt in the whole region. It is proposed to us to give the power back to Keramitchiev and his supporters in the region.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001590_DESC;After the repression against the Macedonians a few years ago, the demands of the population have become more radical and they fully assume their heritage. Faced with our refusal to recognize the Macedonians as a people in their own right, the population has armed itself and is about to explode in Yugoslavia as well, their goal being to obtain independence. It will be necessary to react very quickly and still send in the region, or else grant them what they ask.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001591_DESC;In Greece, the situation with the Macedonians got so bad that the population went to war with them to claim their independence. Worse, it inspired the local population to join their struggle and make the same request to us. The Greeks sent the army to try to calm the situation, should we apply the same policy of them?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001592_DESC;In Greece, the situation with the Macedonians got so bad that the population went to war with them to claim their independence. Worse, it inspired the local population to join their struggle and make the same request to us. The Greeks granted independence to avoid a bloodbath, should we apply the same policy of them?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001593_DESC;Faced with the independence of Macedonia, we are left with a piece of land in the north between Bulgaria and Turkey. As a result, Bulgaria approached us in order to be granted this piece of land in order to have access to the Mediterranean Sea. Do we accept their offer?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001594_DESC;Since taking power with the help of Yugoslavia, Markos Vafeiadis has given himself a lot of power and ensuring that he always has some control, even within the party, in order to prevent the country, according to him, from taking power and "organizing a legalized counter-revolution". However, Markos Vafeiadis is getting older and older and begins to fall ill. Finally, considering that he has completed his mission, Vafeiadis announces his resignation on television and a successor will soon be appointed. Within the party, the announcement was quite expected and three factions, with their leader, already start a fight for the succession. The first one, who seems to have the fervor of Markos Vafeiadis, is Andreas Papandreou, an openly reformist who wants to transform the country into a social democracy. The second person is Giagos Pesmazoglou, wanting, above all, to modernize the current government. And finally, Isaac Iordanidis, a Marxist-Leninist who managed to stay in the party despite the takeover by Markos Vafeiadis, known as a hardline communist and wanting to fight against all forms of nationalism.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001595_DESC;At this time, in Yugoslavia, a dark period begins to arrive in the country with the rise of nationalism in the country, demanding more and more independence and no longer withstanding the pressure of the Serbs and the party in its republics. In view of our relations with Yugoslavia, we can intervene in this conflict, either by giving our support, or by declaring ourselves neutral, or we can support the separatists.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001608_DESC;With the coup of Markos Vafeiadis and the political stabilization, Vafeiadis and his supporters wrote a new constitution giving Markos Vafeiadis more prominence in the role of State President and emphasizing the role of the party in the government and in society. More specifically, it is expected that the government will become more democratic once the "anti-democratic and self-righteous socialist forces" have been reduced enough to no longer threaten Greek society. However, no time frame has been given for when to return to a more democratic state.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001609_DESC;After the prevention of the Coup d'Etat by a part of the party, it became obvious for the supporters of Markos Vafeiadis that they will have to strengthen their position. Most of the members of the party want to bring new supporters en masse to the institutions and thus have a certain advantage. However, another part of the pro-Vafeiadis proposes the idea of organizing a purge under the background of treason. It remains to be seen whether we want to purge the reformists like Dimitris Partsalidis, or on the remains of the Marxist-Leninists like Alexandros Rosios or the minority faction that calls itself the Republicans, wanting to restore the institutions of before our Coup.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001610_DESC;With our proclamation of Greek Titoism, we were able to justify ourselves to a part of the party and to the population, even if it was a big blow to our relations with Yugoslavia by insulting us as traitors. However, with time, a personality cult started to be created around Markos Vafeiadis. He is considered a true hero of the Greek Civil War (renamed in the meantime the "Greek Social Revolution"), the savior of the counter-revolutionaries and praised for having established the foundations of Titoism in Greece. Should we continue along this path or should we stop it all?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001611_DESC;There existed since the establishment of socialism in Greece an autonomous party for the area of Macedonia since this one benefited from a certain autonomy. However, with the current events, many within the party consider, and since the beginning, that the nationalist elements within the Macedonian Communist Party was one of the causes of this crisis, by only encouraging the Macedonian nationalism more than being able to the friendship of the people. Therefore, they demand the banishment of the Macedonian Communist Party and put the region under direct control of the Greek government. Do we accept this and risk making things worse in the future?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001612_DESC;Our relations between our country and Bulgaria are currently at a low ebb and, worse than that, have deteriorated. However, the situation has worsened because the soldiers of our two countries have violently fought at the border and escalated into a border accident. Our respective armies are on high alert. The military has prepared everything and is waiting for our confirmation to launch an attack against them. However, the diplomats are desperately trying to prevent a war and propose that a détente be organized and perhaps, with time, improve our relations.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001613_DESC;Our relations between our country and Bulgaria are currently at a low ebb and, worse than that, have deteriorated. However, the situation has worsened because Bulgaria, in retaliation, has ordered the explosion of our ambassadors in the Bulgarian capital. Many people, both in our government and in the party, demanded that their ambassador be expelled. However, diplomats are desperately trying to prevent a war and propose that a détente and perhaps, if possible, with time, to improve our relations.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001614_DESC;Our relations between our country and Bulgaria have deteriorated a little too much, at least enough for our old treaties to be cancelled by Bulgaria. Even if the situation is bad, it is far from being horrible and we can still improve.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001615_DESC;Our relations between our country and Bulgaria are currently good enough, and the political personalities between our two countries pursuing globally the same ideals, to consider the creation of a common market between us. We hope that this will improve our relations and be prosperous for both nations.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001617_DESC;At the moment, in Bulgaria, the Stalinist-Maoist Todorov-Gorunya, who has taken power in the country, is beginning to carry out a cleansing work against the revisionist forces within the BCP. However, the Soviet Union launched an offensive against them in order to "restore order against the hardliners". Although we cannot afford to intervene directly in the conflict between Bulgaria and the USSR, many members have already submitted the idea that we could send material to help the Todorov-Gorunya forces against the Soviet revisionists.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001618_DESC;Our relations with Bulgaria are good enough to consider a collaboration between our scientists in order to better develop together the automation of our economy. For this, a Cybernetics Congress will soon take place so that we can share our knowledge on this subject and that we cordon the economy of our two countries consequently.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001619_DESC;Our relations between our country and Bulgaria have improved enough for our two nations, to the point that a military alliance has been signed between our two nations. Moreover, it is planned that a military cooperation will be developed.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001620_DESC;Our relations between our country and Romania are currently at a low ebb and, worse than that, have deteriorated. However, the situation has worsened because Romania, in retaliation, has ordered the explosion of our ambassadors in the Bulgarian capital. Many people, both in our government and in the party, demanded that their ambassador be expelled. However, diplomats are desperately trying to prevent that and propose that a détente and perhaps, if possible, with time, to improve our relations.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001621_DESC;Our relations between our country and Romania have deteriorated a little too much, at least enough for our old treaties to be cancelled by Romania. Even if the situation is bad, it is far from being horrible and we can still improve.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001622_DESC;Our relations between our country and Romania are currently good enough, and the political personalities between our two countries pursuing globally the same ideals, to consider the creation of a common market between us. We hope that this will improve our relations and be prosperous for both nations.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001624_DESC;After Ceaucescu attempted to oppose the Soviet Union, he was replaced by the Stalinist Gheorghe Apostol. Although the war between these two countries is over, the damage in the country, although quite minor, is visible and could be damaging for Romania. Therefore, members of the party and the government proposed that aid be sent to rebuild the country and meet the immediate needs of the population.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001625_DESC;Our relations with Romania are good enough to consider a collaboration between our scientists in order to better develop together the automation of our economy. For this, a Cybernetics Congress will soon take place so that we can share our knowledge on this subject and that we cordon the economy of our two countries consequently.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001626_DESC;Our relations between our country and Romania have improved enough for our two nations, to the point that a military alliance has been signed between our two nations. Moreover, it is planned that a military cooperation will be developed.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_90016645_DESC;With the victory of the August coup, the popularity of the Soviet government in the other republics has declined significantly and must not delay in making declarations of independence. In Moldova, after the coup, more and more people took to the streets to demand Moldovan independence. However, the demonstrations are becoming more and more violent and the demonstrators are starting to arm themselves to obtain their independence and, at the same time, a Russian minority is also arming itself and organizing to create their own government and asking for our help.;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_90016645_DESC;Although we have gained our independence, the Russian population in the Transnistrian region had begun to organize to create their own government. We have just learned that not only have they succeeded, but with the help of the Soviet government, they have managed to take control of the region and the Soviets are using this new state as a stalemate against us.;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001627_DESC;With the arrival of the Eurocommunists, temporarily headed by Babis Drakopoulos in Greece, reforms have been announced to the population and many people have their eyes on us. Whether it is the Soviet Union, which did not appreciate our taking power and which is watching carefully our future reforms and could intervene if our reforms are considered too radical, the reformists in the different European countries, whether it is in the communist countries or not and by our population which hopes for some kind of return to democracy as promised during the Civil War and for better living conditions Let's hope that everything goes smoothly.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001628_DESC;With the announcement of the reforms by the new Greek government, one of the journalists of Rizospastis, the newspaper of KKE, managed to have an article published in which he denounces the shortcomings of the Party in society and challenges the Eurocommunist government to solve these problems. Of course, this causes a lot of noise in the party, especially among the conservatives, who say that this is a proof that the future reforms will turn out badly if measures are not taken to avoid the worst. However, Babis Drakopoulos and his supporters see the opportunity to show the population their good faith and even to gain their sympathy if they promote the article. What should we do?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001629_DESC;Today starts the 10th Congress of KKE in which will be announced the reforms promised to the population and the future of the country. Expectations are high and most of the members have already arrived and are starting to talk about important issues such as economic reforms, democratization of the party and so on. It is customary that the Congress of KKE starts with a speech of our leader or of an important enough personality close to the current power to officially start a Congress. It is possible that we make a speech against the mistrust of the most conservative elements of the party, or a speech to remind the issues for the country, or simply make a rather banal speech and hope that the Congress will be held peacefully.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001630_DESC;The first discussions start with the economic reforms and the model we want to put in place. The majority of the members present agree that more liberal reforms should be implemented but not everyone agrees on the form. A first group argues that the economic planning of the country is a good thing for the construction of socialism and economic for the country but asks for a reorientation towards the welfare of the population on consumer goods. Others, more moderate, ask to set up an economic model close to Tito in Yugoslavia with the recognition of small and medium-sized enterprises, a greater autonomy for the employees and so on. Others, more radical, ask that we go further in the reforms and that we set up an economy more open to the economic markets towards the West in order to make the country more prosperous.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001631_DESC;Now that the economic model has been chosen, it is high time for the subject on which a large part of the population is waiting: political liberalization. Again, the debates are intense and are divided into three groups. The first, mostly supported by conservative-moderates, would like to see a limited liberalization and considered by them as "safe", promising a gradual liberalization in order to avoid a collapse of our system, the second asks for a stronger political liberalization and considers it to be up to the "expectations", wanting to set up a stronger freedom of expression and trade union and even an opening of the borders. And the third ones ask for the complete democratization of the country.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001632_DESC;Even though the political liberalization reforms have been passed, many party members would like to have safeguards on the party's primary role, arguing that political liberalization without party support could be a serious problem later on. Others, however, call for a greater liberalization of the party by ending its monopoly and giving the population the possibility of having other political groups.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001633_DESC;Despite the agreements between our people and the Macedonian people, the tensions are still present and the reformists are determined to solve the problem. Thus, it is planned to give more autonomy to the Macedonian government and to give more guarantee by law between our two peoples. However, some would like to go further and give rights and recognition to other minority peoples.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001634_DESC;We are approaching the end and the last debate that will take place will be on our position during the Cold War. The majority of the members want us to maintain a more or less neutral position, while others would like us to remain loyal to the Soviet Union or, for the most radical reformists, to move closer to the West.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001635_DESC;In the days following the end of the Congress, the head of the General Secretary was changed to Babis Drakopoulos. Indeed, the reforms adopted during the 10th Congress of KKE were favorable to him and his supporters and they were able to take power definitively with a more progressive liberalization policy, which seems to reassure the Soviet Union but irritates part of the population.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001636_DESC;In the days following the end of the Congress, the head of the General Secretary continues to be Kostas Koligiannis. Indeed, the reforms adopted at the 10th Congress of KKE was favorable to him and his supporters promising a new era for the country. However, even if the population is happy, we are still technically under the orders of the Soviet Union which seems to be more and more worried about the turn of events.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001637_DESC;News from Greece has just arrived. With the takeover of the Eurcommunists, more liberal reforms, led by the General Secretary, Babis Drakopoulos, have been taken and are quite well received by the population in general. Many party members seem to tolerate the reforms undertaken quite well because they guarantee enough freedom to calm the population for the moment, while remaining loyal to the Soviet Union and its Bloc. However, some consider these reforms as a chameleon that may cause, in the long run, a more serious crisis. What should we do?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001638_DESC;News from Greece has just arrived. With the takeover of the Eurcommunists, more liberal reforms, led by the General Secretary, Kostas Koligiannis, have been taken and are very well received by the population and announce a new era for the country. Many members of the party consider these reforms as a policy of counter-revolutionary nature which may cause, in the long run, a more serious crisis, not only for the country but especially for the future of the Eastern Bloc. What should we do?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001639_DESC;After analyzing our reforms and a long discussion between our government and the Soviet Union, they finally declared openly today that our reforms are in line with socialism and its construction, although its interpretations are different on many points. The news is welcomed with relief by our government and the people, although the promise of further reforms has not been forgotten.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001640_DESC;After analyzing our reforms and a long discussion between our government and the Soviet Union, they were not enough and the meeting ended with a bitter taste for both parties. In the coming days, the Soviet Union, together with the troops of Bulgaria, will send troops and tanks in order to put an end to the ongoing events in Greece Our population is trying to stop the military intervention, demonstrating by all possible means, making pacts with the soldiers, protesting, revolting directly. Nothing does it. Our government is forced to resign and is replaced by a more moderate and openly pro-Soviet personality, Alexandros Rosios.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001641_DESC;After analyzing our reforms and a long discussion between our government and the Soviet Union, they finally decided to grant us full independence, arguing that our worldview was too different and deserved to be developed separately. The news is not only welcomed with relief but also with great surprise. The population is equally surprised and euphoric and celebrates what seems to be a return of democracy.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001642_DESC;News from Greece, the world is currently witnessing Soviet violence with military intervention, and with the help of Bulgaria, while the Greek socialist government tried to reform in order to transform it into a democracy. Everybody is shocked by these events and some would like to intervene militarily, which would provoke a World War III.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001643_DESC;With the arrival to power of the reformists, with their temporary head Dimitris Partsalidis, great reforms are announced to the population with the promise of a return to democracy and with better living conditions for all. Hopes are high and the future of the country will depend on the decisions that will be taken now.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001644_DESC;Upon learning of the reformist takeover in Greece, Andreas Tzimas planned to return to the country and get back into politics to work with the new government and its supporters for the return of democracy in the country. Of course, it will be very well seen in the country and in the world that the former rival of Markos Vafeiadis is brought back, but some people fear a too brutal return to democracy and ask that we block his coming here... "for the moment and for his safety".;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001645_DESC;It was announced today to the population the result of numerous debates on the direction of the announced reforms. Finally, it was decided to democratize the institutions of the country as and when required. The announcement was received with sympathy by the population, but not with enthusiasm, and this allowed Dimitris Partsalidis and his supporters to strengthen their positions and to keep his position.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001646_DESC;It was announced today to the population the result of numerous debates on the direction of the announced reforms. Finally, it was decided to democratize the country's institutions. The population received the announcement with great enthusiasm, giving a little more importance to the Republicans, who remained loyal to Andreas Tzimas and this allowed Babis Drakopoulos and his supporters, more moderate reformists, to take power and strengthen their positions.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001647_DESC;With the political stabilisation with other countries, the demand for reform is still strong among the population and in particular among farmers. Indeed, more and more of them are asking for reforms in order to leave the Soviet model and to be given more freedom. Within the party, some would like to give farmers more management freedom and more land for their own use, while continuing to maintain a certain form of collectivisation. Another party would like to go further by giving farmers the possibility to self-organise in cooperatives, which would be a first step towards the end of collectivisation. And finally, a last party would like to abandon collectivisation for good by introducing farm privatisation.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001648_DESC;Although our economy has liberalized, we still have not received any real foreign investment to support our economy. For this reason, some members propose that, as a first step, we open our ports to welcome investors and give them enough confidence in our country.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001649_DESC;Although our economy has opened up sufficiently, discontent is beginning to be heard, but not only among the party's conservatives. Indeed, miners have started to organize a strike that has spread all over the country and is starting to be organized as a kind of union independent from ours. Their main demands are: a general increase in wages, a stricter framework for the protection of workers, new equipment and a more active support of the party towards the people than towards the investors. Even if we cannot meet all their demands, they can be met but will be expensive. However, some members are asking that we deal with the problem in other ways, either by making nice promises or by sending the army to get them back to work.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001650_DESC;Today was founded the Greek Revival Party, founded by Stefanos Stefanopoulos. The peculiarity of this party is that it is openly anti-communist and is composed mainly of ultra-conservatives, Greek nationalists and even former collaborators from the time of the Fascist occupation. Within the party and part of the society, this raises indignation and many members are already asking for violent actions in order to break the movement or, at least, to limit their propaganda. What should we do?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001651_DESC;With the beginning of political liberalization that we have put in place in the country, we are witnessing a rise in both Greek and Macedonian nationalism. Therefore, the Macedonian Communist Party is on the verge of explosion. Indeed, although the party has always had nationalist elements, recent events mean that more and more of its members are beginning to claim more and more Macedonian nationalism and even independence. We must act quickly before it is too late.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001652_DESC;During the time of Zachariadis, the orthodox religion had suffered a first form of repression even if it had been attenuated with time, especially with the arrival to power of Kostas Koligiannis, where the religious underwent a form of strict control to be able to make masses. However, with the implementation of our reforms, a group of Orthodox priests sent a letter to our government asking for greater religious freedom. The matter is quite publicized and the population seems to be waiting for our response.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001653_DESC;After the events of the Miners' Strike and the way we handled them, it only encouraged the movement to become a real union and even a great political force, as more and more people joined and the 'Hellenic Workers' Union' was founded. The particularity of this union is that there are 4 leaders, all of them representing quite well the main tendencies of this movement: a Socialist Democrat, a Social Democrat, a Nationalist and a Liberal. The demands revolve around a greater political liberalization of our regime, mainly the freedom of association. What should we do?;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001654_DESC;Since Dimitris Partsalidis came to power and implemented his reforms, a growing number of members, both within the party and among the population, are now demanding more liberalization reforms, considering that the wait is now too long. The leader of the opposition, especially within the Eurocommunists, is Leonidas Kyrkos with a much more liberal program and promising the establishment of a social democracy.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001655_DESC;Today, Dimitris Partsalidis is dead after having implemented a series of progressive reforms of political and economic liberalization. However, his reforms were, with time, more and more criticized, especially by the reformists who criticized his excessive concentration of power and his failure to make major reforms to arrive at the promised social democracy. For his succession, two key personalities of the party claim his position: Giagos Pesmazoglou, seen as the continuity of Dimitris Partsalidis but wanting above all to modernize the regime and seems to promise new reforms that he already promised at the time, and his rival Andreas Papandreou, much more reformist and really wanting to transform the regime into a social democracy and having quite a lot of popularity with the population.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001656_DESC;After a long period of stabilization of the regime, a new constitution has been voted and sets up a social democracy in which will soon take place the first free elections of the country and will allow the population to choose their deputy and their future leader at the same time. Babis Drakopoulos seems satisfied and hopes to win these elections.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001657_DESC;Since the beginning of the liberalization of our country, we are witnessing a rise of Greek nationalism, which does not please many people, especially the communists and Macedonians. Faced with this situation, some members of the government propose that we organize a secret meeting with certain groups to make an alliance with them.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001658_DESC;Since our alliance with some Greek nationalist groups with the party, this has caused a rise in conflicts between Greeks and Macedonians and an increasing rise of extreme right-wing ideas in the country. Worse, in the north of the country, more and more Macedonians have provoked near-riots by chasing inhabitants belonging or supposed to belong to Greek nationalist groups. We have to react quickly and hope that the situation does not get worse.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001659_DESC;For some time, a personality in Athens begins to make more and more talk about him, it is about Konstantinos Karamanlis, who became in the meantime an important member of the town hall of the capital. He became known with his declarations leading the left-wing parties, and wanting to set up a democratic government as soon as possible. However, the most liberal members of the party would like to promote him in our government as a sign of our liberalization and for more pluralism.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001660_DESC;Today was created the conservative party "Democratic Union" with Konstantinos Karamanlis as founder. The party gathers the most liberal members of the party but especially is a lot of former member of the former government before the Civil War. We only need to know the rough composition per state at the end of the day;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001662_DESC;After the numerous tensions between the Greek government and the Macedonians, the local Macedonian government began to organize itself as a new nation, proclaiming its independence and openly declaring its desire to establish a nationalist republic. Hundreds of people were forcibly removed by the local population or by fear of violence. We have to react quickly to this and many party members explicitly ask for the army to be sent to suppress them.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x
EVT_9001664_DESC;With the rise of tensions with the population demanding more and more freedom, a fraction of the communist party formed with a part of the army to organize a coup d'etat and to want to put back in place the "ditacture of the proletariat" with the ideology of Marxism-Leninism. The main heads of the coup are Isaac Iordanidis, a hardline communist and Polydoros Daniilidis, a Maoist. However, the population is strongly opposed to the actions of this group and there is a strong chance that it will fail for them.;;;;;;;;;;;;;x